Feature/readme (#17)
Team-Micras/MicrasFirmware: README.md

<div align="center">

> ![micras_branco_sombra](https://github.com/Team-Micras/MicrasFirmware/assets/62271285/ecbb08ea-eb49-4da4-9a60-476c7d160a35)

Reviewer: edu chorando lendo `sombra`

- [📦️ Packages](#️-packages)
- [🔨 Building](#-building)
- [🚀 Running](#-running)
- [🧪 Testing](#-testing)
- [🐛 Debugging](#-debugging)
- [💄 Code style](#-code-style)
  - [🎨 Format](#-format)
  - [🚨 Linter](#-linter)
- [📝 Documentation](#-documentation)
  - [💬 Git commit messages](#-git-commit-messages)
  - [🔀 Git workflow](#-git-workflow)
- [👥 Contributors](#-contributors)

## 📁 Folder structure

- **.vscode** - Visual Studio Code configuration files
- **cmake/** - Functions to include in the main CMake
- **config/** - Target and constants configuration values
- **cube/** - STM32CubeMX configuration and build files
- **include/** - Header files for class definitions
- **src/** - Source file for class implementations and executables
- **tests/** - Executable test files

## 📦️ Packages

- [micras_hal](./micras_hal/) - Wrapper to the STM32 HAL, implementing the needed functionalities in C++ classes.
- [micras_proxy](./micras_proxy/) - Intermediate abstraction layer for the hardware components.

## 🔨 Building

To build the project, it is first necessary to install some dependencies:

```bash
sudo apt install cmake build-essential gcc-arm-none-eabi
```

> The [STM32CubeMX](https://www.st.com/en/development-tools/stm32cubemx.html) program is also needed. After the instalation is competed, the building process can be started by creating a build folder with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [STM32CubeMX](https://www.st.com/en/development-tools/stm32cubemx.html) program is also needed. After the installation is completed, the building process can be started by creating a build folder with:
```

## 🧪 Testing

Any test can be compiled and run using the same commands as the ones used for the main executable, but adding the test name without the file extension at the end:

```bash
make -j [test_name]
```

```bash
make -j flash_[test_name]
```

## 🐛 Debugging

It is possible to debug the project using [`gdb`](https://www.gnu.org/software/gdb/). To do that, first install `gdb-multiarch`, on Ubuntu, just run:

```bash
sudo apt install gdb-multiarch
```

To be able to debug the project, it is necessary run the `cmake` command with the `BUILD_TYPE` set to `Debug` or `RelWithDebInfo`, for example:

```bash
cmake .. -DBUILD_TYPE=Debug
```

It is also possible to debug test executables, by first running the command:

```bash
make debug_[test_name]
```

Finally, to debug the project, the [Cortex Debug extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?marus25.Cortex-Debug) for VSCode must be installed. There are three configurations for debugging present at the [`.vscode/launch.json`](./.vscode/launch.json) file that uses differents programs:

- [OpenOCD](https://openocd.org/)

> - [J-Link]()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [J-Link](https://www.segger.com/downloads/jlink/)
```

> - [ST-Util]()

Reviewer: acho que aqui eh rodar um `sudo apt_install stlink-tools` mas n tenho ctz asiufasuhasf

Reviewer 2: sim é isso

    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/Matheus3007"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/53058455?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Matheus Rezende Pereira"/><br/><sub><b>Matheus Rezende Pereira</b></sub></a><br/><a href="https://github.com/Team-Micras/MicrasFirmware/commits?author=Matheus3007" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/Team-Micras/MicrasFirmware/commits?author=Matheus3007" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#research-Matheus3007" title="Research">🔬</a> <a href="https://github.com/Team-Micras/MicrasFirmware/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3AMatheus3007" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a></td>

>     <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/Eduardo-Barreto"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/34964398?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Eduardo Barreto"/><br/><sub><b>Eduardo Barreto</b></sub></a><br/><a href="https://github.com/Team-Micras/MicrasFirmware/commits?author=Eduardo-Barreto" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/Team-Micras/MicrasFirmware/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3AEduardo-Barreto" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a></td>

Reviewer: omg eu
